Excerpt (text only) of BREIT 10-Q for the period ended 2026-06-30, accession 0001662972-26-000111, filed 2026-08-07: the paragraphs around the quoted sentences.

tion vehicles 991,100 — Increases in assets and liabilities resulting from change in control transactions: Investments in real estate, net — 127,634 Other assets — 2,806 Mortgage loans, net — ( 56,050 ) Other liabilities — ( 2,464 ) Non-controlling interests attributable to consolidated subsidiaries — ( 35,344 ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 1. Organization and Business Purpose Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT” or the “Company”) invests primarily in stabilized, income-generating commercial real estate in the United States and, to a lesser extent, outside the United States. The Company to a lesser extent invests in real estate debt investments. The Company is the sole general partner and majority limited partner of BREIT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“BREIT OP”). BREIT Special Limited Partner L.P. (the “Special Limited Partner”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Blackstone Inc. (together with its affiliates, “Blackstone”), owns a special limited partner interest in BREIT OP. Substantially all of the Company’s business is conducted through BREIT OP. The Company and BREIT OP are external

[...]

Repurchase Deduction”) subject to certain limited exceptions. Settlements of share repurchases will generally be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to shares acquired through our distribution reinvestment plan. The aggregate NAV of total repurchases of all share classes, excluding OP units held by investors other than the Company, (including repurchases at certain non-U.S. investor access funds primarily created to hold shares of the Company, but excluding any Early Repurchase Deduction applicable to the repurchased shares) is limited to no more than 2% of our aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than 5% of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). For the avoidance of doubt, both of these limits are assessed during each month in a calendar quarter. Certain stockholders are subject to certain restrictions, including a minimum holding period and certain repurchase limitations, in addition to the Company's existing monthly and quarterly limitations. We have in the past received, and may in the future receive, repurchase requests that exceed the limits under our Share Repurchase Plan, and we have in the past repu
